teenager gets his testicles ripped off
on a bicycle accident you know I gives
me a really bad feeling down there
what's up guys my name is Dave waffle
and welcome to i/o okay so what is the
worst accident you guys have ever been
in and what happened skateboarders I
know you got stories leave them down
there so a 19 year old kid by the name
of Zhao pan he's from China and he
decided to go for a ride on his bicycle
you know in a farm so while he was
riding around on the farm he
accidentally crashed his bicycle into a
tree hey all I can think of is that
Homer Simpson you know thanks Simpson
Homer Simpson he's the greatest guy in
history nut tree so according to police
the story is that the kid was riding too
fast down a hill and his brakes just you
know didn't come in I think the penguin
severed it you know Batman Returns style
mm-hmm so as the kid went down he
crashed into a tree and flew over the
handlebars ah but the thing is his
scrotum got stuck to the handlebars and
ripped right open oh man this just does
not put a good feeling down there can
you see me squirming okay so are you
grossed out right now are you feeling a
little bit queasy I want to know how
many of you are feeling this way hit
that like button
why because I'm feeling pretty good
myself fortunately for the kid a man by
the name of lo Fang it's a 45 year old
dude maybe he works on the farm but he
did witness the whole thing and as soon
as the kid went over the handlebars he
ran over saw the kid was in distress and
obviously called the emergency services
now Zhao was rushed to the hospital
where he underwent a nine-hour surgery
to stitch those bad boys up fortunately
he is still capable of having sex thank
God I don't know what I would do
so here's the question I have for you on
question of the day if you had to
any part of your body forcibly removed
what would it be you know this is like
one of those stories where guys holding
a gun to your face and a gun to your
whole family so if you got like five
people he's gotta have octopus arms for
all those guns and he goes yup I'm gonna
kill all you and them if you know you
don't pick a body part so what would it
be you know where to leave it down there
as for me it would be nose hairs why cuz
everybody's got them so thanks for
watching guys my name is a waffle and as
I always say keep it real keep it
classic give it on the pub side and keep
your balls intact
oh god don't go don't go don't go don't
go don't go don't do dump